% real-filename alias
blackdvi.tex blackdvi.sty
colordvi.tex colordvi.sty
czhyph2e.tex lang-cz.pat
dehyphn.tex gnhyph01.tex
dehyphn.tex lang-de.pat
dehypht.tex ghyph31.tex
dehypht.tex lang-deo.pat
dkhyphen.tex lang-da.pat
epsf.tex epsf.sty
frhyph.tex lang-fr.pat
hyphen.tex lang-en.pat
hyphen.tex ushyph.tex
hyphen.tex ushyph1.tex
hyphen.tex ushyphen.tex
ithyph.tex lang-it.pat
letterspacing.tex letterspace.sty
nehyph2.tex lang-nl.pat
nehyphx.tex lang-nlx.pat
rotate.tex rotate.sty
ruhyphen.tex ruhyph.tex
skhyph2e.tex lang-sk.pat
sphyph.tex eshyph.tex
sphyph.tex lang-sp.pat
ukhyphen.tex lang-uk.pat
ukhyphen.tex ukhyph.tex
vmargin.sty Vmargin.sty

% documentation
TETEXDOC.pdf teTeX.pdf
etex-man.pdf etex.pdf
pdftex-a.pdf pdftex.pdf
testeuro.dvi eurosym.dvi
layman.dvi layouts.dvi
mfpman.pdf mfpic.pdf
psgomanual.pdf psgo.pdf
koma-script.pdf komascr.pdf
koma-script.pdf komascript.pdf
gerbibtx.dvi bibgerm.dvi

% support old Y&Y names
hlcbot8y.tfm lbtbo.tfm
hlcbt8y.tfm lbtb.tfm
hlcda.tfm lbmad.tfm
hlcdim.tfm lbmdi.tfm
hlcdima.tfm lbmdo.tfm
hlcdm.tfm lbmd.tfm
hlcdy.tfm lbmsd.tfm
hlcra.tfm lbma.tfm
hlcrf8y.tfm lbl.tfm
hlcrie8y.tfm lbc.tfm
hlcrim.tfm lbmi.tfm
hlcrima.tfm lbmo.tfm
hlcrin8y.tfm lbki.tfm
hlcriw8y.tfm lbh.tfm
hlcrm.tfm lbmr.tfm
hlcrn8y.tfm lbkr.tfm
hlcrot8y.tfm lbto.tfm
hlcrt8y.tfm lbtr.tfm
hlcrv.tfm lbme.tfm
hlcry.tfm lbms.tfm
hlhb8y.tfm lbd.tfm
hlhbc8y.tfm lbdsc.tfm
hlhbi8y.tfm lbdi.tfm
hlhr8y.tfm lbr.tfm
hlhrc8y.tfm lbrsc.tfm
hlhri8y.tfm lbi.tfm
hlhro8y.tfm lbsl.tfm
hlsb8y.tfm lsd.tfm
hlsbi8y.tfm lsdi.tfm
hlsbot8y.tfm lstbo.tfm
hlsbt8y.tfm lstb.tfm
hlsr8y.tfm lsr.tfm
hlsri8y.tfm lsi.tfm
hlsrot8y.tfm lsto.tfm
hlsrt8y.tfm lstr.tfm
hlsu8y.tfm lsb.tfm
hlsui8y.tfm lsbi.tfm
hlxb8y.tfm lfd.tfm
hlxbi8y.tfm lfdi.tfm
hlxr8y.tfm lfr.tfm
hlxri8y.tfm lfi.tfm
mtex.tfm MTEX.tfm
mtexb.tfm MTEXB.tfm
mtexh.tfm MTEXH.tfm
mtgu.tfm MTGU.tfm
mtgub.tfm MTGUB.tfm
mtls.tfm MTLS.tfm
mtlsb.tfm MTLSB.tfm
mtmi.tfm MTMI.tfm
mtmi.tfm MTMI.tfm
mtmi.vf MTMI.vf
mtmib.tfm MTMIB.tfm
mtmib.vf MTMIB.vf
mtmib.vf MTMIB.vf
mtmih.tfm MTMIH.tfm
mtmih.vf MTMIH.vf
mtmih.vf MTMIH.vf
mtms.tfm MTMS.tfm
mtmsb.tfm MTMSB.tfm
mtmub.tfm MTMUB.tfm
mtmub.vf MTMUB.vf
mtmub.vf MTMUB.vf
mtmuh.tfm MTMUH.tfm
mtmuh.vf MTMUH.vf
mtmuh.vf MTMUH.vf
mtsy.tfm MTSY.tfm
mtsyb.tfm MTSYB.tfm
mtsyh.tfm MTSYH.tfm
mtsyn.tfm MTSYN.tfm
pcrb8y.tfm cob.tfm
pcrbo8y.tfm cobo.tfm
pcrr8y.tfm com.tfm
pcrro8y.tfm coo.tfm
phvb8y.tfm hvb.tfm
phvbo8y.tfm hvbo.tfm
phvr8y.tfm hv.tfm
phvro8y.tfm hvo.tfm
psyr.tfm sy.tfm
ptmb8y.tfm tib.tfm
ptmbi8y.tfm tibi.tfm
ptmbo8y.tfm tibo.tfm
ptmr8y.tfm tir.tfm
ptmri8y.tfm tii.tfm
ptmro8y.tfm tio.tfm
pzdr.tfm zd.tfm
rmtmi.tfm RMTMI.tfm
rmtmib.tfm RMTMIB.tfm
rmtmih.tfm RMTMIH.tfm
rmtmub.tfm RMTMUB.tfm
rmtmuh.tfm RMTMUH.tfm

% ConTeXt looks for ec.enc
EC.enc ec.enc
